README.md, before:

<p align="left " >
  <img src="http://i.imgur.com/76RElTT.png" alt="Popcorn Time" title="Popcorn Time">
</p>

## Popcorn Time for tvOS and iOS _WE ARE BACK_

[![Platform](http://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS%20%7C%20tvOS-lightgrey.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@Popcorn%20Time-3299EC.svg?style=flat)](https://twitter.com/popcorntimetv)
[![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/discussion-reddit-red.svg?style=flat)](https://reddit.com/r/popcorntime)
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/facebook-Popcorn%20Time-354F88.svg?style=flat)](https://www.facebook.com/PopcornTimedotsh)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL_v3-373737.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

PopcornTimeTV was an Apple TV, iPhone and iPad application to torrent movies and tv shows for streaming.

Since 2016, this project has grown exponentially - both in its user base and in its functionality. However, the team size has gone the other way. We went from having 13+ developers on the team to 1 developer and 1 designer, both of whom have lives and projects outside of Popcorn Time. We have decided that we have given our all to this project and it's time for us to move on to pursue greater things. There is no doubt that this comes with a heavy heart as we have learned so much from this project and watched it grow from this simple torrenting app that could only play 720p video, to what it is today.

All that being said, we do not want this project to just die after we leave. The size of the project might be a bit daunting to an unseasoned developer but the app is extremely stable and packed with almost every feature you could need, so unless you're planning on doing a rewrite, it should be OK.

ipas are available for download and will remain working as per. Thanks for all your support and understanding.

## Want to contribute?

We need your help to localise Popcorn Time. Visit our [Translating Guide](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/wiki/Translating-Popcorn-Time) to get started.

## Download

Download the [latest .ipas](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/releases/latest).

Alternatively you can [compile one yourself](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/wiki/Archiving-Popcorn-Time).

Once downloaded, follow our [Installing Guide](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/wiki/Installing-Popcorn-Time).

## Know what you're doing?

This project uses  [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org/). Build instructions:

``` bash
$ git clone https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV.git
$ cd PopcornTimeTV/
$ pod repo update; pod install
$ open PopcornTime.xcworkspace
```

## Versioning

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, Popcorn Time will be maintained according to the [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) guidelines as much as possible.

### Beta versions

Beta releases will be numbered with the following format:

`0.<major>.<minor>-<patch>`

### Stable versions

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`


Constructed with the following guidelines:
* A new *major* release indicates a large change where backwards compatibility is broken.
* A new *minor* release indicates a normal change that maintains backwards compatibility.
* A new *patch* release indicates a bugfix or small change which does not affect compatibility.

## License

If you distribute a copy or make a fork of the project, you have to credit this project as source.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Note: some dependencies are external libraries, which might be covered by a different license compatible with the GPLv3. They are mentioned in [NOTICE.md](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/blob/master/NOTICE.md).


**This project and the distribution of this project is not illegal, nor does it violate _any_ DMCA laws. The use of this project, however, may be illegal in your area. Check your local laws and regulations regarding the use of torrents to watch potentially copyrighted content. The maintainers of this project do not condone the use of this project for anything illegal, in any state, region, country, or planet. _Please use at your own risk_.**

***


Copyright (c) 2017 Popcorn Time Foundation - Released under the [GPL V3 license](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Add Gemfile and update README accordingly
Fixes #805

The problem is that the PopcornTimeTV custom spec repo does not work with newer version of CocoaPods. Therefore we have to use an old version.

In my solution for this problem I added Gemfile where I specified the cocoapods version to use. this way when we use the `bundle exec pod install` command bundler will use the cocoapods version which actually works.

I added the following changes in this commit:
* added Gemfile
* added cocoapods v1.5.3 to the gemfile
* modified README file accordingly

README.md, after:

<p align="left " >
  <img src="http://i.imgur.com/76RElTT.png" alt="Popcorn Time" title="Popcorn Time">
</p>

## Popcorn Time for tvOS and iOS _WE ARE BACK_

[![Platform](http://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS%20%7C%20tvOS-lightgrey.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@Popcorn%20Time-3299EC.svg?style=flat)](https://twitter.com/popcorntimetv)
[![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/discussion-reddit-red.svg?style=flat)](https://reddit.com/r/popcorntime)
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/facebook-Popcorn%20Time-354F88.svg?style=flat)](https://www.facebook.com/PopcornTimedotsh)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL_v3-373737.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

PopcornTimeTV was an Apple TV, iPhone and iPad application to torrent movies and tv shows for streaming.

Since 2016, this project has grown exponentially - both in its user base and in its functionality. However, the team size has gone the other way. We went from having 13+ developers on the team to 1 developer and 1 designer, both of whom have lives and projects outside of Popcorn Time. We have decided that we have given our all to this project and it's time for us to move on to pursue greater things. There is no doubt that this comes with a heavy heart as we have learned so much from this project and watched it grow from this simple torrenting app that could only play 720p video, to what it is today.

All that being said, we do not want this project to just die after we leave. The size of the project might be a bit daunting to an unseasoned developer but the app is extremely stable and packed with almost every feature you could need, so unless you're planning on doing a rewrite, it should be OK.

ipas are available for download and will remain working as per. Thanks for all your support and understanding.

## Want to contribute?

We need your help to localise Popcorn Time. Visit our [Translating Guide](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/wiki/Translating-Popcorn-Time) to get started.

## Download

Download the [latest .ipas](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/releases/latest).

Alternatively you can [compile one yourself](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/wiki/Archiving-Popcorn-Time).

Once downloaded, follow our [Installing Guide](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/wiki/Installing-Popcorn-Time).

## Know what you're doing?

First, you need to install [bundler](https://bundler.io) to your computer with the `gem install bundler` command.

Then you can use [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org/) to install dependencies.

Build instructions:

``` bash
$ git clone https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV.git
$ cd PopcornTimeTV/
$ bundle install
$ bundle exec pod repo update
$ bundle exec pod install
$ open PopcornTime.xcworkspace
```

## Versioning

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, Popcorn Time will be maintained according to the [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) guidelines as much as possible.

### Beta versions

Beta releases will be numbered with the following format:

`0.<major>.<minor>-<patch>`

### Stable versions

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`


Constructed with the following guidelines:
* A new *major* release indicates a large change where backwards compatibility is broken.
* A new *minor* release indicates a normal change that maintains backwards compatibility.
* A new *patch* release indicates a bugfix or small change which does not affect compatibility.

## License

If you distribute a copy or make a fork of the project, you have to credit this project as source.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Note: some dependencies are external libraries, which might be covered by a different license compatible with the GPLv3. They are mentioned in [NOTICE.md](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/blob/master/NOTICE.md).


**This project and the distribution of this project is not illegal, nor does it violate _any_ DMCA laws. The use of this project, however, may be illegal in your area. Check your local laws and regulations regarding the use of torrents to watch potentially copyrighted content. The maintainers of this project do not condone the use of this project for anything illegal, in any state, region, country, or planet. _Please use at your own risk_.**

***


Copyright (c) 2017 Popcorn Time Foundation - Released under the [GPL V3 license](https://github.com/PopcornTimeTV/PopcornTimeTV/LICENSE.md).
